## Meetings
### 2025-04-18 at 10:30
- Ted, Natalie, Hari
- Team updates (15min or less)
<Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what
they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can
help.>
- Ted worked on creating shared repository, uploading files, adding requirements/descriptions. Will work on first functional requirement. (60 mins)
- Summarize group progress:
- Natalie: Worked on use cases for requirements 6-11, fixed formatting for the meeting and readme files,  Will work on ???  
- Ted worked on creating shared repository, uploading files, adding requirements/descriptions. Will work on ???
- Hari
- Summary: Completed Milestone 1! 

### 2023-10-08 at 13:30
<meeting template would go here>
<only fill in template once you had the meeting>
<see example on the last date>
<use date format YYYY-MM-DD at HH:MM>

### 2023-10-15 at 10:30
<meeting template would go here>
<only fill in template once you had the meeting>

